base can't scan forever you're good at
this campus skip world and
congratulations how to go to neck number
yeah it was a great day actually it was
a tough day though you know k 2 really
has not given us any totally amazing we
once again has super deep snow waste
even places that bottomless and other
places but luckily it is that we had the
help of a number of different people
though it was much easier than we've had
slogging up the slopes so there's a
great deal of weather was fantastic this
views are spectacular and we're just
excited to be here welcome to camp for
okay the shoulder yep to go the views
not very good yeah look hippy Oh Bruce
yeah how do i feel ya does happy and
ecstatic at the view you just can't stay
on top of the world in development just
looking out that cake you and has a
bowel Megan you know with a sense of
excitement about going towards it some
inexpensive fear because it looks
certainly land nasty and right now the
three of us we're all set up with a get
ourselves as hydrated as possible get
ready for our push which should be
somewhere around midnight over well
continued best wishes a good rest and
Godspeed smartphones alright thanks a
lot we can't pour out it
you